Develop proper facial expressions handler – Stint 3 (#89)
icub-tech-iit/ergocub-software: src/modules/ergoCubEmotions/README.md

## ergoCubEmotions 

> This repo contains the `ergoCubEmotions` modul that allows to display different facial expressions on ergoCub.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repo contains the `ergoCubEmotions` module that allows displaying several facial expressions on ergoCub.
```
